music in Brooklyn on Jimmy Kimmel Live
is brought to you by Google pixel 3
[Applause]
this is his album it's called kamikaze
here with the song venom from high atop
the Empire State Building Eminem
[Applause]
[Music]
I got a song filled wish for the
strong-willed when the world gives you a
raw deal set you off till you scream
piss off screw you when it talks to you
like you don't belong but tells you
you're in the wrong field when
something's in your mind
dream cuz it let's talk to you
[Music]
blew him with the square in the face to
better prepare
[Applause]
I'm not fun like Oh laughing you this
Cottenham hands again still feel like a
hubcap and mudflap beat strangle up
attacking sir this ain't gonna feel like
a love tap he painkiller pills from a
gut tract like what's the names of the
real Danica Patrick do the carving the
reverse at the Indians oppression India
the factory just mangled steel my
Mustang she praying on the grill with
the Front's master much as my rear
fender processor swing be a combination
of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi
translation I will try to kill us hope
when I end up back in India you ain't
gonna be able to tell what the
happened India
[Music]
I got
yep yeah yeah oh hi
hey are you going up I think so you want
our microphone oh yeah thanks this one I
don't come here lap no first time I'm
from LA if you get a chance you should
check out the exhibit on the 80th floor
okay this building was designed by a guy
named William lamb you know he took him
like four hundred and ten days to build
it it's crazy right Wow
yeah Wow oh this is me
[Music]
thank you mister
with the planetoid on the gun bump
stock couple of bucks outside sup a
hooker right tackle them that's fired up
and caught fire jug of pump Rockets is
going down like Junkers but doc put me
on like sunrise you only
get one shot
hey sis till I can't taste it chase to
the strings like it then paint thinner
then drink till i faint and awake to the
head ain't gonna take anything in
rectangular shape tonight wait to face
the demons I'm Banda to interstate
chasing me but I'm harder used to
escaping me is impossible parasite now
probably ruined your parents life in
your childhood to ease if I'm the music
that jog you all but a responsible for
the guards the boys I'm the supervillain
daddy Mama's losing their marbles to you
marvel that Eddie Brock a shoot and
pound the suit so call me
[Applause]
Jimmy's good let me down
[Music]
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment